in c# for a banking system: create IClient interface with a possibility of adding user, editing user, deleting user, adding/deleting sponsor, getting user information(including sponsor) using ID. Next create a Person class with unique ID(GUID) field, string first_name(required, min.2 and max 50 symbols), string last_name(from 2 to 50 characters), sex(selection using ENUM: male and female), string personal_id which should be 11 digits long, age(18-60/65) 60 year old ladies are retired and 65 yearold men, country(selection using ENUM), city(selection using ENUM), tel.number(string 4-50 symbols), e-mail, sponsor(who are they: mom, dad...using enum selection), sponsor id. create Company class using fields: GUID, string title(required, 2-50 symbols), registration code(required, 9 symbols), registration date(date field, required), registration country(enum selection), registration city(enum selection), company representative tel. number(string 4-50 symbols). create classes: deposit(client, deposit opening date, amount of money, currency(using enum selection), interest rate. next class next, credit class with the fields of client, credit issue date, amount, currency(selection using enum), interest rate, amount left to pay, months left to payment. client in these classes might be 'Person' or 'Company' objects. one client(person or company) might be using more than one services. create a static Client class, where will be information about clients(Person and Company objects). for a client class use IClient and IComparable. for Credit and Deposit classes: IComparer. Sort deposit by amount of money(descending). Sort Credit by months left to payment(ascending).print sortings seperately: firstly, by deposit, after that print sorting by credit. print Top m, where m<n, where n is total amount of companies(meaning cpmanies with the highest debt. create a method which counts yearly report about credit total given to clients. if we pass 2019 year to the method, it should add up all the credits in 2019 and print it(seperately for companies and persons) 
